Provide a --version option (#341)
twisted/towncrier: src/towncrier/newsfragments/339.feature.rst

> `towncrier --version` was added to the command line interface for showing the product version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
towncrier --version` was added to the command line interface to show the product version.
```
